“We believe in ordinary acts of bravery, in the courage that drives one person to stand up for another.” - Veronica Roth
“Don't think or judge, just listen.” - Sarah Dessen
“Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.” - Roy T. Bennett
“Instead of worrying about what you cannot control, shift your energy to what you can create.” - Roy T. Bennett
“Be the reason someone smiles. Be the reason someone feels loved and believes in the goodness in people.” - Roy T. Bennett
“Accept yourself, love yourself, and keep moving forward. If you want to fly, you have to give up what weighs you down.” - Roy T. Bennett
“Be mindful. Be grateful. Be positive. Be true. Be kind.” - Roy T. Bennett
“Respect other people's feelings. It might mean nothing to you, but it could mean everything to them.” - Roy T. Bennett
“Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think, more talented than you know, and capable of more than you imagine.” - Roy T. Bennett
“Live the Life of Your Dreams: Be brave enough to live the life of your dreams according to your vision and purpose instead of the expectations and opinions of others.” - Roy T. Bennett
“Don’t waste your time in anger, regrets, worries, and grudges. Life is too short to be unhappy.” - Roy T. Bennett
“Don't JustDon't just learn, experience.Don't just read, absorb.Don't just change, transform.Don't just relate, advocate.Don't just promise, prove.Don't just criticize, encourage.Don't just think, ponder.Don't just take, give.Don't just see, feel.Don’t just dream, do. Don't just hear, listen.Don't just talk, act.Don't just tell, show.Don't just exist, live.” - Roy T. Bennett
“Don't let the expectations and opinions of other people affect your decisions. It's your life, not theirs. Do what matters most to you; do what makes you feel alive and happy. Don't let the expectations and ideas of others limit who you are. If you let others tell you who you are, you are living their reality — not yours. There is more to life than pleasing people. There is much more to life than following others' prescribed path. There is so much more to life than what you experience right now. You need to decide who you are for yourself. Become a whole being. Adventure.” - Roy T. Bennett
“It’s only after you’ve stepped outside your comfort zone that you begin to change, grow, and transform.” - Roy T. Bennett
“Even if you cannot change all the people around you, you can change the people you choose to be around. Life is too short to waste your time on people who don’t respect, appreciate, and value you. Spend your life with people who make you smile, laugh, and feel loved.” - Roy T. Bennett
“You cannot control the behavior of others, but you can always choose how you respond to it.” - Roy T. Bennett
“More smiling, less worrying. More compassion, less judgment. More blessed, less stressed. More love, less hate.” - Roy T. Bennett
“Life becomes easier and more beautiful when we can see the good in other people.” - Roy T. Bennett
“If you want to be happy, do not dwell in the past, do not worry about the future, focus on living fully in the present.” - Roy T. Bennett
“Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.” - Roy T. Bennett
“Pursue what catches your heart, not what catches your eyes.” - Roy T. Bennett
“Keep GoingYour hardest times often lead to the greatest moments of your life. Keep going. Tough situations build strong people in the end.” - Roy T. Bennett
“Make improvements, not excuses. Seek respect, not attention.” - Roy T. Bennett
“Learn to light a candle in the darkest moments of someone’s life. Be the light that helps others see; it is what gives life its deepest significance.” - Roy T. Bennett
“Start each day with a positive thought and a grateful heart.” - Roy T. Bennett
“Treat everyone with politeness and kindness, not because they are nice, but because you are.” - Roy T. Bennett
“You can talk with someone for years, everyday, and still, it won't mean as much as what you can have when you sit in front of someone, not saying a word, yet you feel that person with your heart, you feel like you have known the person for forever.... connections are made with the heart, not the tongue.” - C. JoyBell C.
“Don't be afraid of your fears. They're not there to scare you. They're there to let you know that something is worth it.” - C. JoyBell C.
“If you want to forget something or someone, never hate it, or never hate him/her. Everything and everyone that you hate is engraved upon your heart; if you want to let go of something, if you want to forget, you cannot hate.” - C. JoyBell C.
“One day, in retrospect, the years of struggle will strike you as the most beautiful.” - Sigmund Freud
